Now that we've put our user together, we're going to repeat the same process and create a second file
to represent a company inside of our application as well.
So to get started inside of my QQ directory, I'll make a new file called Company.
It's inside of here.
I'm going to once again import the Faker module from Faker and I'll define a new class and immediately
export it called company.
So let's think about what different properties we might want a company to have.
Well, I think that maybe if we go back over to the documentation for Faker one more time, remember
we have that company section.
So we've got different properties in here like say company name and we've got catch phrase and some
other stuff like that as well.
So let's have every company have a company name property that will be a string and a catch phrase property
that will be a string as well.
In addition, we'll also have a company have a location that will be a latitude and longitude and that's
going to represent their physical location in the world.
So we can eventually represent them as a marker on our map.
Okay.
So back over here.
We'll do a company name that is a string, and then we'll do a catch phrase.
That is a string.
We'll also do a location that is going to be an object with a latitude property that is a number and
a longitude property.
That is the number as well.
Now, one thing I want to mention here is that calling the company name, company name is really not
necessary.
I think a much more ideal property name here would be name like so.
But I just want to give it some differentiation from our user who had a name property as well.
So just to make a little bit more stark difference between a company and a user, I'm going to have
the company have a property of a company name instead.
All right.
So now, once again, we can define our constructor function, which is where we're going to initialize
all those different properties.
So I'll say this company name.
Will be faker company.
Company name like.
So let me collapse the sidebar so we can see that whole line.
We can then do our catch phrase, which will be fake or company catchphrase.
And then finally we can also initialize our latitude and longitude as well.
Remember, like we just discussed, this right here does not initialize the location property.
It just tells TypeScript here's what location will be.
So if we try to assign a value directly to this location, that we'll get an error message because location
is undefined inside the constructor.
So we have to initialize the location, property and everything inside of it.
And one easy way to do that is to say this location is going to be an object with properties lat and
ln g.
Outside of here we can once do again do faker dot address dot latitude.
Make sure you get the comma at the end of the line and then faker address dot longitude as well.
And once again.
Don't forget the parentheses.
All right.
We're seeing the same areas as before.
We are trying to take a string because that is what we get back from faker and assign it to a property
that is supposed to be a number.
So once again, we have to do a parse float.
And a Pars float.
And that's it.
All right.
So I think we're all set here.
We already got that export statement.
So now we can import this into our indexed file, create an instance of a company really quickly, and
just make sure everything works as expected.
So back inside of indexes, I will import company from company.
And then underneath our user, I'll say company is going to be a new company like so.
And I'll do a console log of that company.
Then as a quick test, I'll flip back over to my browser.
My live reload already kicked in and I can see that console.log right here.
So I'll expand company and I'll see that I've got a really great catch phrase, persistent directional
function and my company name is King Group once again really should not be calling that property company
name.
Just name would be much more appropriate because we already know that it is a company we're working
with.
However, once again, we want to just differentiate the company from the user which had a name property.
And once again, I've got a location with the latitude and longitude as well.
All right.
So that's pretty much it.
We've created a class to represent our user and our company.
So let's take another quick pause right here.
When we come back, the next section, we're going to start working on getting a Google map to display
on our screen as well.
So we'll see you in just a minute.